* A hash table (or hash map) is a data structure that maps keys to values for highly 
  efficient lookup.

* A hash table is typically an array of linked lists. Remember, Values are not stored
  in a sorted order in hash table.

* [Algorithm]  Average Case	 Worst case
    Space		   O(n)	        O(n)
    Search		   O(1)	        O(n)
    Insert		   O(1)	        O(n)
    Delete		   O(1)	        O(n)

* A hash table uses a hash function to compute an index, also called a hash code, into an
  array of buckets or slots, from which the desired value can be found. During lookup, the 
  key is hashed and the resulting hash indicates where the corresponding value is stored.

* Ideally, the hash function will assign each key to a unique bucket, but most hash table
  designs employ an imperfect hash function, which might cause hash collisions where the 
  hash function generates the same index for more than one key. Such collisions are always accommodated in some way.

* In many situations, hash tables turn out to be on average more efficient than search
  trees or any other table lookup structure. For this reason, they are widely used in many 
  kinds of computer software, particularly for associative arrays, database indexing, caches,
  and sets.

* Hashing: The idea of hashing is to distribute the entries (key/value pairs) across an
           array of buckets. Given a key, the algorithm computes an index that suggests 
           where the entry can be found:

           index = f(key, array_size)
           Often this is done in two steps: hash = hashfunc(key)
                                            index = hash % array_size

* In the above method, the hash is independent of the array size, and it is then reduced 
  to an index (a number between 0 and array_size − 1) using the modulo operator (%).

* Choosing a hash function ->
  A basic requirement is that the function should provide a uniform distribution of hash
  values. A non-uniform distribution increases the number of collisions and the cost of 
  resolving them. 

* Perfect hash function ->
  A perfect hash function for a set S is a hash function that maps distinct elements in S
  to a set of integers, with no collisions. In mathematical terms, it is an injective function.
  It has the advantage that no collision resolution has to be implemented for it.
  But ofcourse it is not practical always.

* If all keys are known ahead of time, a perfect hash function can be used to create a perfect
  hash table that has no collisions.

* Perfect hashing allows for constant time lookups in all cases.

* A good hash function should have the following properties:
  1). Efficiently computable.
  2). Should uniformly distribute the keys (Each table position equally likely for each key)

* A critical statistic for a hash table is the load factor, defined as
  Load factor(ƛ) = (n/k), where ● n is the number of entries occupied in the hash table.
                                ● k is the number of buckets(size of hash table).
                                 
* As the load factor grows larger, the hash table becomes slower, and it may even fail to 
  work (depending on the method used). 

* THE EXPECTED CONSTANT TIME PROPERTY OF A HASH TABLE ASSUMES THAT THE LOAD FACTOR BE KEPT
  BELOW SOME BOUND. 

* A low load factor is not especially beneficial. As the load factor approaches 0, the 
  proportion of unused areas in the hash table increases, but there is not necessarily any 
  reduction in search cost. This results in wasted memory.

* Collusion Resolution: Hash collisions are practically unavoidable when hashing a random 
  subset of a large set of possible keys. For example, if 2,450 keys are hashed into a 
  million buckets, even with a perfectly uniform random distribution, according to the 
  birthday paradox there is approximately a 95% chance of at least two of the keys being 
  hashed to the same slot.

  Therefore, almost all hash table implementations have some collision resolution strategy 
  to handle such events. Some common strategies are described below. All these methods 
  require that the keys (or pointers to them) be stored in the table, together with the
  associated values.

* In practice, we can often employ heuristic techniques to create a hash function that 
  performs well.

* The two heuristic methods are hashing by modulo and hashing by multiplication which 
  are as follows: 
  1). 
  2).